# Multithread-Java-Assignment
bjectives:  To  practice  programming  an  application  with  multiple  threads  of  execution  and synchronizing their access to necessary shared objects.Description:  In this programming assignment you will simulate the package shipping management system for an automated package shipping operation similar to the one depicted here:This example package shipping operation has five routing stations (S0   –   S4), each of which has an input and output conveyor connecting to conveyor lines (C0   –   C4) that go elsewhere in the system.  Resources were limited when the system was built so each conveyor going to the rest of the facility must  be  shared  between  two  routing  stations.    Since  each  routing station  simultaneously  needs  an  input  and  output  connection  to  function,  access  to  the  shared  conveyor lines  must  be  strictly  regulated.  Flow direction in not important in our simulation.You have been hired to design a simulator for a new package management system being built with the same design, but possibly fewer/more stations.  You are to implement this simulator in Java and have each routing station function in its own thread.  A routing station moves packages from one of its  connected  conveyors  to  the  other.    A  station’s  workload  is  the  number  of  times  that  a  routing CNT 4714 –Project 2–Spring 2017conveyor4conveyor3conveyor 2conveyor1conveyor 0S0S1S4S3S2
Page 2station  needs  to  have  exclusive access  to  the  input  and  output  conveyors  during  the  simulation.    Once  a  routing station  is  granted  access  to  both  conveyors  it  calls  its  doWork()method  during  which it will flow packages down each of its connected conveyors (of course it must verify that it has access and isn’t in conflict with another routing station).  After the packages-in and packages-out methods are run, the workload of the routing station is reduced by 1 and the routing station will release  both  of  the  conveyors  and  signal  waiting  routing stations  that  the  conveyors  are  available.  After executing a flow and releasing its conveyors, a routing station should sleep for some random period of time.  A routing station’s thread stops running when its workload reaches 0.  To prevent deadlock,  ensure  that  each  routing station  acquires  locks  on  the  conveyors  it  needs  in  increasing  numerical order.Restrictions: 1.Your source files should begin with comments containing the following information: /* Name:<your name goes here>Course: CNT 4714 Spring 2017 Assignment title: Project 2 – Multi-threaded programming in Java Date:  February 12, 2017 Class:  <name of class goes here>*/ 2.Do  not  use  a  monitor  to  control  the  synchronization  in  your  program  (i.e.,  do  not  use  the  Java synchronize statement). 
